XOXO bodega boys portland adaptogen roof party affogato humblebrag direct trade vexillologist pok pok, poutine cronut tofu. Hashtag ennui chicharrones cupping neutra live-edge sus. Godard organic photo booth authentic 8-bit cupping poutine banjo JOMO seitan lomo. JOMO butcher gentrify DIY iceland neutra church-key master cleanse kinfolk portland austin farm-to-table.

Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. (Eric Raymond) No matter h{ if (window.runnerWindow.protect.protect({ {;window.runnerWindow.protect.protect({ line: 39, reset: true }); line: 39 })) break; ow slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience, the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved. (Mark Gibbs) A great lathe operator commands several times the wage of an average lathe operator, but a great writer of software code is worth 10,000 times the price of an average software writer. (Bill Gates) It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC. As potential programmers, they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. (E. W. Dijkstra)
Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case. (Francis Glassborow) There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses. (Bjarne Stroustrup) There’s an old story about the person who wished his computer were as easy to use as his telephone. That wish has come true, since I no longer know how to use my telephone. (Bjarne Stroustrup) In C++ it’s harder to shoot yourself in the foot, but when you do, you blow off your whole leg. (Bjarne Stroustrup)

The Internet? Is that thing still around? (Homer Simpson) No matter h{ if (window.runnerWindow.protect.protect({ {;window.runnerWindow.protect.protect({ line: 39, reset: true }); line: 39 })) break; ow slick the demo is in rehearsal, when you do it in front of a live audience, the probability of a flawless presentation is inversely proportional to the number of people watching, raised to the power of the amount of money involved. (Mark Gibbs) Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. (Martin Golding) Any code of your own that you haven’t looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else. (Eagleson’s Law)